Get user devices generic (#26591)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonPlaybooks/Playbooks/playbook-Get_User_Devices_by_Username_-_Generic_README.md

This playbook retrieves information on all of the associated user devices, based on the user's username.
In order to get a generic output, the following information on all of the retrieved devices will be saved under the `UserDevices` context key:
- Name
- Serial Number
- ID
- Type
- OS
- Integration

> Please note that not all of the supported integrations will be able to retrieve this information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that not all of the supported integrations will be able to retrieve this information.
```

Supported integrations:
- jamf v2
- Microsoft Defender for Endpoint
- Cortex XDR IR
- ServiceNow v2
- Google Workspace (Gsuite)
- Active Directory Query v2

## Dependencies

This playbook uses the following sub-playbooks, integrations, and scripts.

### Sub-playbooks

This playbook does not use any sub-playbooks.

### Integrations

* Cortex XDR - IR
* jamf v2
* ServiceNow v2
* Microsoft Defender Advanced Threat Protection

### Scripts

* SetMultipleValues
* SetAndHandleEmpty
* IsIntegrationAvailable

### Commands

* servicenow-query-users
* xdr-get-endpoints
* ad-get-user
* gsuite-mobiledevice-list
* jamf-get-mobile-device-by-match
* jamf-get-computer-by-id
* microsoft-atp-get-user-machines
* jamf-get-computer-by-match
* jamf-get-mobile-device-by-id
* servicenow-query-computers

## Playbook Inputs

---

| **Name** | **Description** | **Default Value** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Username | The username of the user. |  | Optional |

> | GsuiteCustomerID | In case of using Google Workspace, a customer ID is needed. |  | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GsuiteCustomerID | If using Google Workspace, a customer ID is needed. |  | Optional |
```

| GSuite.MobileDevices.MobileListObjects.name | A list of the owner's usernames. | unknown |
| GSuite.MobileDevices.MobileListObjects.email | A list of the owner's email addresses. | unknown |
| GSuite.MobileDevices.MobileListObjects.model | The mobile device's model name. | unknown |
| GSuite.MobileDevices.MobileListObjects.os | The mobile device's operating system. | unknown |
| GSuite.MobileDevices.MobileListObjects.type | The type of mobile device. | unknown |
| GSuite.MobileDevices.MobileListObjects.status | The mobile device's status. | unknown |
| GSuite.MobileDevices.MobileListObjects.hardwareId | The IMEI/MEID unique identifier for Android hardware. | unknown |
| GSuite.MobileDevices.MobileListObjects.firstSync | The date and time the mobile device was initially synchronized with the policy settings in the Admin console. | unknown |
| GSuite.MobileDevices.MobileListObjects.lastSync | The date and time the mobile device was last synchronized with the policy settings in the Admin console. | unknown |

> | GSuite.MobileDevices.MobileListObjects.userAgent | Gives information about the mobile device such as the operating system version. | unknown |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GSuite.MobileDevices.MobileListObjects.userAgent | Information about the mobile device such as the operating system version. | unknown |
```

| JAMF.Computer.bar_code_1 | The computer barcode 1. | unknown |
| JAMF.Computer.bar_code_2 | The computer barcode 2. | unknown |
| JAMF.Computer.username | The computer username. | unknown |
| JAMF.Computer.realname | The computer real name. | unknown |
| JAMF.Computer.email | The computer email address. | unknown |
| JAMF.Computer.email_address | The computer email address. | unknown |
| JAMF.Computer.room | The computer room. | unknown |
| JAMF.Computer.position | The computer position. | unknown |
| JAMF.Computer.building | The computer building. | unknown |
| JAMF.Computer.building_name | The computer building name. | unknown |
| JAMF.Computer.department | The computer department. | unknown |
| JAMF.Computer.department_name | The computer department name. | unknown |
| JAMF.MobileDevice | Mobile device object. | unknown |
| JAMF.MobileDevice.id | The mobile device ID. | unknown |
| JAMF.MobileDevice.name | The mobile device name. | unknown |
| JAMF.MobileDevice.udid | The mobile device UDID. | unknown |
| JAMF.MobileDevice.serial_number | The mobile device serial number. | unknown |
| JAMF.MobileDevice.mac_address | The mobile device MAC address. | unknown |

> | JAMF.MobileDevice.wifi_mac_address | The mobile device WIFI MAC address. | unknown |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| JAMF.MobileDevice.wifi_mac_address | The mobile device WI-FI MAC address. | unknown |
```
